feat(docs): add docs for the relational table layer (#3313)
singularity-data/risingwave: docs/storing-state-using-relational-table.md

> # An Overview of RisingWave State Store

Reviewer: wrong title?

2. **Better support Semi-structured Data**. RisingWave may support semi-structured data in the future. Semi-structured data consists of nested structures and arrays, which are hard to flatten into row format, but much more simple under cell-based format, simply replace the `column id` to the JSONPath to such field.

We implement a relational table layer as the bridge between stateful executors and KV state store, which provides the interfaces accessing KV data in relational semantic. As the executor state's key encoding is very similar to a cell-based table, each kind of state is stored as a cell-based relational table first. In short, a cell instead of a whole row is stored as a key-value pair. For example, encoding of some stateful executors in cell-based format are as follow:
| state | key | value |
| ------ | --------------------- | ------ |
| mv     | table_id \| sort key \| pk \| col_id| materialized value |
| top n | table_id \| sort key \| pk \| col_id | materialized value |
| join     | table_id \| join_key \| pk \| col_id| materialized value |

> | agg | table_id \| group_key \| col_id| agg_value |

Reviewer: though not accurate, I think this simple explanation is enough for new developers. Maybe you can add a note that links to the real encoding of agg. (Do we have a doc to describe agg relational table now?)

Author: Not yet...

Reviewer 2: If needed, I can add a section tmr for this or in this PR.

Author: Agree. And after we have `consistence hash` doc, we can link it here to explain why we encode `vnode` in state's key and what `vnode` actually is.

![Overview of Relational Table](images/relational-table-layer/relational-table-01.svg)
### Write Path
To write into KV state store, executors first perform operations on State Table, and these operations will be cached in Mem Table. Once a barrier flows through one executor, executor will flush the cached operations into state store. At this moment, Cell-Based Table will covert these operations into kv pairs and write to state store with specific epoch. 

For example, an executor performs `insert(a, b, c)` and `delete(d, e, f)` through the State Table APIs, Mem Table first caches these two operations in memory. After receiving new barrier, Cell Based Table converts these two operations into KV operations by cell-based format, and write these KV operations into state store(Hummock).

![write example](images/relational-table-layer/relational-table-03.svg)
### Read Path

> Executors should be able to read the just written data, which means uncommited data is visible. The data in Mem Table(memory) is fresher than that in shared storage(state store). State Table provides both point-get and scan to read from state store by merging data from Mem Table and Cell-based Table. 

Reviewer: add a space between alphabet and parentheses

1. **Reduce the Overhead of DMLs**.
Cell-based encoding can significantly reduce write amplification since we can partially update some fields in a row. Considering the following streaming aggregation query: 
```
select sum(a), count(b), min(c), string_agg(d order by e) from t
```
- `sum(a)`, `count(b)` are trivial.
- `min(c)` is a little difficult. To get the next minimum once the current minimum is deleted, we have to keep all the `c` values, which would be a long list in the row-based format and it performs badly for inserts or deletes.
- `string_agg(d order by e)` is more difficult. we must keep all the `d` as well as their sort key `e`, and support random inserts or deletes. Again, a flatten list saved in a row would be a bad choice.

2. **Better support Semi-structured Data**. RisingWave may support semi-structured data in the future. Semi-structured data consists of nested structures and arrays, which are hard to flatten into row format, but much more simple under cell-based format, simply replace the `column id` to the JSONPath to such field.

> We implement a relational table layer as the bridge between stateful executors and KV state store, which provides the interfaces accessing KV data in relational semantic. As the executor state's key encoding is very similar to a cell-based table, each kind of state is stored as a cell-based relational table first. In short, a cell instead of a whole row is stored as a key-value pair. For example, encoding of some stateful executors in cell-based format are as follow:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We implement a relational table layer as the bridge between stateful executors and KV state store, which provides the interfaces accessing KV data in relational semantics. As the executor state's key encoding is very similar to a cell-based table, each kind of state is stored as a cell-based relational table first. In short, a cell instead of a whole row is stored as a key-value pair. For example, encoding of some stateful executors in cell-based format is as follows:
```
